further internal displacement has
increased the health risk due to
inadequate medical facilities and lack
of of Sanitation as we walked on this
side of the beach we come across this
overcrowded space where four displaced
families moved all the way from ra City
all the way to this area and been
Sheltering inside for the past 15 days
and as you see the lack of Sanitation
and the the lack of hygiene is exact
vating the living conditions for this
particular for displaced
families I am an ill woman I go into the
sea to fetch salt water I wash our
clothes with it and they all got ruined
we have no clothes to wear we get the
water from the sea to do the dishes the
washing to clean this is our
life we're looking at large families are
forced into small space and as you see
Palestinians family across the Gaz STP
are majorly made of young children who
are forc into these difficult living
conditions we are suffering badly due to
the lack of water we find ourselves
having to buy both clean and salty water
and we can't even afford it and it's
difficult to find we were already
suffering when we got here right here
this is Al marasi Beach West front of on
Unice where people right here one would
think the people here are enjoying their
one of their summer days when in fact
they are here because they lack the
access to clean water they've been en
forced to leave their homes in Rafa and
from the evacuation Zone in the western
part of Rafa City all the way to this
area this particular site has been a
major location of Israeli Relentless
attacks with in the past month hanim
Mahmud Al jaaz Mass evacuation Zone
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer